# .Net SDK {#concept_ixf_hpk_2fb .concept}

## Version: 3.0.0 {#section_nyh_3pk_2fb .section}

Release date: 05/05/2016

Download: [aliyun\_table\_store\_dotnet\_sdk\_3.0.0.zip](https://ots-public-sdk.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/aliyun-tablestore-dotnet-sdk-3.0.0.zip)

Updates:

-   Filters are added.

-   Warnings generated during the compilation process are cleared.

-   Useless dependent packages are cleared.

-   Useless code is cleared.

-   The template-called code is simplified.

-   Invalid parameter checking is added.

-   User-configured parameters are trimmed.

-   The UserAgent header is added.

-   Condition.IGNORE, Condition.EXPECT\_EXIST, and Condition.EXPECT\_NOT\_EXIST are deleted.

-   The DLL file name is changed from Aliyun.dll to Aliyun.TableStore.dll.

-   Open source code is released to GitHub.


## Version: 2.2.1 {#section_zwm_jpk_2fb .section}

Release date: 14/04/2016

Download: [aliyun-ots-dotnet-sdk-2.2.1.zip](https://ots-public-sdk.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/aliyun-ots-dotnet-sdk-2.2.1.zip)

Updates:

-   When the SDK internally checks the HTTP response header, it ignores the case of letters.

## Version: 2.2.0 {#section_r24_kpk_2fb .section}

Release date: 05/04/2016

Download: [aliyun-ots-dotnet-sdk-2.2.0.zip](https://ots-public-sdk.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/aliyun-ots-dotnet-sdk-2.2.0.zip)

Updates:

-   The default number of connections in the connection pool is increased from 50 to 300.

-   The conditional update function is added.


## Version: 2.1.0 {#section_zjk_lpk_2fb .section}

Release date: 30/12/2015

Download: [aliyun-ots-dotnet-sdk-2.1.0.zip](https://ots-public-sdk.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/aliyun-ots-dotnet-sdk-2.1.0.zip)

Updates:

-   The reserved capacity unit settings in the sample code are adjusted based on the Pay-As-You-Go billing method.

-   Adds a wider range of BatchWriteRow and BatchGetRow test cases.


