# Error handling {#concept_31747_zh .concept}

## Method {#section_mc4_jy2_2fb .section}

Currently, the Table Store Python SDK adopts the `Exception` method to handle errors. The operations is successful if the called interface does not throw an exception. If an exception is thrown, then the operation fails.

**Note:** Batch operation interfaces such as batch\_get\_row and batch\_write\_row are successfully called only when the system checks that the status of each row is successful.

## Exception { .section}

The Table Store python SDK has two types of exceptions: OTSClientError and OTSServiceError inherited from Exception.

-   OTSClientError: Indicates an internal SDK exception, for example, incorrect parameter values or failure to return parsed results.

-   OTSServiceError: Indicates a server error generated by parsing a server error message. OTSServiceError has the following components:

    -   get\_http\_status: Returned HTTP code, for example, 200 or 404.

    -   get\_error\_code: Error type string returned by Table Store.

    -   get\_error\_message: Error message string returned by Table Store.

    -   get\_request\_id: UUID that uniquely identifies a request. If the problem persists, save the RequestId and [open a ticket](https://selfservice.console.aliyun.com/ticket/createIndex).

## Retry { .section}

-   The system retries the operation when an error occurs in the SDK. By default, the operation is retried 20 times at a maximum interval of three seconds.. For more information about how the system retries the operation on throttling errors and read-related internal server errors, see tablestore/lib/retry.js

-   You can inherit RetryPolicy to customize a retry policy, and pass it in as a parameter when constructing OTSClient object.


SDK has the following retry policies:

-   DefaultRetryPolicy: The default retry policy. Only the read operation is retried 20 times at a maximum interval of three seconds.
-   NoRetryPolicy: No retry.
-   NoDelayRetryPolicy: A retry policy without any delays. This policy must be used with caution.
-   WriteRetryPolicy: The write operation is retried based on the default retry policy.

