# Error handling {#concept_31704_zh .concept}

## Method {#section_zxl_r3f_2fb .section}

Currently, the Table Store C\# SDK adopts the `Exception` method to handle errors. Operation is successful if the called interface does not throw an exception. If an exception is thrown, operation fails.

**Note:** Batch operation interfaces such as BatchGetRow and BatchWriteRow are successfully called only when the system checks that the status of each row is successful.

## Exception { .section}

The Table Store C\# SDK has two types of exceptions: OTSClientException and OTSServerException inherited from Exception.

-   OTSClientException: indicates an internal SDK exception, for example, incorrect parameter values or failure to return parsed results.

-   OTSServerException: indicates a server error generated by parsing a server error message. OTSServerException has the following components:

    -   HttpStatusCode: a returned HTTP code, for example, 200 or 404.

    -   ErrorCode: an error type string returned by Table Store.

    -   ErrorMessage: an error message string returned by Table Store.

    -   RequestId: the UUID that uniquely identifies a request. If a problem persists, save the RequestId and [open a ticket](https://workorder-intl.console.aliyun.com/#/ticket/createIndex).


## Retry { .section}

The system retries the operation when an error occurs in the SDK. By default, the operation is retried three times at a maximum interval of two seconds. For more information, see the Aliyun.OTS.Retry.DefaultRetryPolicy class.

You can use RetryPolicy in OTSClientConfig to customize a retry policy.

